International Hindu Parishad has called for a Harthal in Kerala tomorrow alleging that Hindu customs and traditions have been violated after young women entered in Sabarimala today. Sabarimala Karma Samithi has also come up with Nama Japa Protest. It was today morning that Bindu and Kanakadurga made a successful entry into Sabarimala temple. The head priest then closed the shrine for a while and did ShudhiKriya before it was opened for devotees again. Kochi: The Sabarimala Karma Samithi has declared a harthal on Thursday in connection with the entry of women to Sabarimala. The harthal will be observed across the state from 6 am to 6 pm.  Protests will be held at different parts of the state against the women entry. The decision was taken at a press conference held in Ernakulam.  Sabarimala Karma Samithi requested everyone to cooperate with the harthal by closing shops and not operating vehicles. They said that the protests will continue till the government's rule end.  Amid speculations and rumors regarding the release of 'Odiyan' on a hartal date, makers of the flick have now revealed that the film will be released on December 14 as previously planned. In the official Facebook page of the movie, the makers added that the initial shows of the Mohanlal film will begin at 4.30 AM in the morning. Earlier, Antony Perumbavoor, the producer of the movie had exclusively told International Business Times, Indiathat they are trying hard to release the movie as planned.   As per reports, it was theater owners who initially showed their reluctance to release the movie on a hartal date.SATURDAY'S MATCH BETWEEN Gokulam Kerala FC and Real Kashmir FC is off to a contentious start with a controversy erupting between the two clubs more than a day before the game. Debutants Real Kashmir FC who are currently third on the league table with 13 points from 7 matches are making their first trip to Kozhikode to play their away fixture against Gokulam Kerala FC (9 points from 7 games). But the visiting contingent is not happy with the arrangements, and they made it clear on social media earlier today. Earlier this morning, they tweeted alleging that hosts GKFC had failed to provide them a bus to the training ground and their officials, including head coach David Robertson, was abused by local club officials.  When the fixture between Gokulam Kerala FC and Real Kashmir FC was announced, few would have predicted a turmoil off the pitch. After all, it was a team hailing from "Paradise on Earth" visiting "God's own country" for a football match. But now there seems to be dissension in "heaven" as the two teams have engaged in a Twitter battle regarding Gokulam Kerala FC's alleged mishandling of Real Kashmir FC prior to their clash in Kerala on December 15.  Real Kashmir FCwas shocked at their host's behaviour towards their coach and the fact that travel arrangements were not made for their pre-match practice session.Real Kashmir FC alleged ill-treatment at the hands of Gokulam Kerala FC and took the matter to I-League officials ahead of their match in Kozhikode on Saturday. Real Kashmir FC were furious with the training pitch they were allegedly provided with and the way their officials were treated. On the other hand, Gokulam Kerala FC have issued a clarification giving the entire sequence of events and alleging poor behaviour and irresponsibility on the part of Real Kashmir FC. Real Kashmir FC have been asked to stay inside their hotel room ahead of their clash against Gokulam Kerala. The members of Real Kashmir have accused that their players were abused and manhandled by the officials of Gokulam Kerala FC. They have also accused that they were not provided with team bus and training facilities.Real Kashmir FC on Friday alleged they were hurled abuses and manhandled by officials of Gokulam Kerala, who "deprived" the visitors of training facilities ahead of their I-League game in Kozhikode. Lying third after a sensational start to their maiden season in top-flight, Real Kashmir are scheduled to face seventh-placed Gokulam Kerala at the EMS Corporation Stadium on Saturday. Real Kashmir even threatened to pull out of the game if they are not provided with police protection. On their part, Gokulam Kerala FC issued a clarification and alleged poor and irresponsible behaviour by Real Kashmir FC.  The visiting Real Kashmir too issued a statement, giving the sequence of events.Real Kashmir FC has had a dream run in their inaugural I-League season thus far and the team is winning accolades from all corners. However, the Snow Leopards alleged that they were hurled abuses and manhandled by officials of Gokulam Kerala, who "deprived" the visitors training facilities ahead of their game. Real Kashmir FC is in Kerala for their game against the home side on Saturday.  In a series of tweets, Real Kashmir FC complained about the training and transport facility in Kerala. The Valley-based club also uploaded a video in which the club members were told to leave the ground by officials of Gokulam Kerala FC. .  "An unfortunate incident happened today morning in Kozhikode in Kerala when the coach and other members of RKFC were abused and heckled by officials of Gokulam Kerala FC," the Kashmir club had said in a statement. New Delhi: Real Kashmir FC Friday alleged they were hurled abuses and manhandled by officials of Gokulam Kerala, who "deprived" the visitors of training facilities ahead of their I-League game in Kozhikode. Lying third after a sensational start to their maiden season in top-flight, Real Kashmir are scheduled to face seventh-placed Gokulam Kerala at the EMS Corporation Stadium on Saturday. Real Kashmir even threatened to pull out of the game if they are not provided police protection.  
RKFC head coach and staff being asked to leave training ground. &dhapos;This is Kerala not Kashmir&dhapos; @realkashmirfc told. Strange. pic.twitter.com/kTjkqC1bEv

— Real Kashmir FC (@realkashmirfc) December 14, 2018
 On their part, Gokulam Kerala FC issued a clarification and alleged poor and irresponsible behaviour by Real Kashmir FC.  The visiting Real Kashmir too issued a statement, giving the sequence of events.Real Kashmir FC and Gokulam Kerala buried the hatchet after a bitter spat over training ground, with the third-placed visitors agreeing to go ahead with their I-League game in Kozhikode on Saturday."All set for the game tomorrow. Lets play .@ILeagueOfficial," Real Kashmir FC wrote on their twitter handle after the two teams decided to make peace during a meeting.Earlier in the day, Real Kashmir had alleged they were hurled abuses and manhandled by officials of Gokulam Kerala, who "deprived" the visitors training facilities ahead of their game.All set for the game tomorrow.Lets play.@ILeagueOfficial pic.twitter.com/pkgaTQe6Ml— Real Kashmir FC (@realkashmirfc) December 14, 2018 "Football is passion for RKFC and whatever happened at Kozhikode today was not in the interest of the game," Real Kashmir co-owner Sandeep Chattoo said through the club's twitter handle.